COBODoc Version 4.99.42Cobol Sep 2014.

ROBODoc was modified to be more friendly to COBOL sources, by adding
dash to identifiers.  This will break most other uses of ROBODoc,
tripping code expressions that use the minus operator.

Also added a |copy piping tool, to include text, as-is.

ROBODoc Version 4.99.42 Jul 2013.

ROBODoc is program documentation tool. The idea is to include for
every function or procedure a standard header containing all
sorts of information about the procedure or function.  ROBODoc
extracts these headers from the source file and puts them in a
separate autodocs-file.  ROBODoc thus allows you to include the
program documentation in the source code and avoid having to
maintain two separate documents.  Or as Petteri puts it: "robodoc
is very useful - especially for programmers who don't like
writing documents with Word or some other strange tool."

ROBODoc can format the headers in a number of different formats:
HTML, RTF, LaTeX, or XML DocBook. In HTML mode it can
generate cross links between headers. You can even include parts
of your source code.

ROBODoc works with many programming languages: For instance C,
Pascal, Shell Scripts, Assembler, COBOL, Occam, Postscript,
Forth, Tcl/Tk, C++, Java -- basically any program in which you
can use remarks/comments.

  o For information on how to build and install see INSTALL
  o For information on how to use ROBODoc see Docs/manual.html. 
  o Blank headers for various languages can be found in Headers/
  o For an example on how ROBODoc can be used see
    the ROBODoc source code in Source/
  o For licence information see COPYING
  o For a change log see  Source/robodoc.c
 
Many people contributed to ROBODoc, to name a few:

o Petteri Kettunen <petterik -a-t- iki.fi> 
  Bug fixes, FOLD, C features.
o Bernd Koesling <KOESSI -a-t- CHESSY.aworld.de> 
  Bug fixes, functional improvements, code cleanup.
o Anthon Pang  <apang -a-t- mindlink.net>
  RTF support, Bug fixes.
o Thomas Aglassinger <agi -a-t- sbox.tu-graz.ac.at>
  Fixes and cleanup of HTML-output
o Stefan Kost <kost -a-t- imn.htwk-leipzig.de>
  Idea of the master index file and different header types.

Questions, found a bug or a typo; send an email to [rfsber -a-t- xs4all.nl]

(c) 1994-2013  Frans Slothouber, Petteri Kettunen, and Jacco van Weert 


